Ensure that node_id can refer to Canary or Canarytoken in relevant places (#164)
thinkst/canarytools-docs: docs/incidents/queries.md

      - name: node_id
        required: false
        type: string

>         description: Get all incidents for a specific Canary or Canarytoken node_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        description: Get all incidents associated with a specific Canary or Canarytoken node_id
```

      - name: node_id
        required: false
        type: string

>         description: Get all incidents for a specific Canary or Canarytoken node_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        description: Get all incidents associated with a specific Canary or Canarytoken node_id
```
